Late night thank you
For what?
Saving you is also saving me
Without you
I can't even survive a young man
In fact, you still have a lot of time
To find another eagle limb
I used to unite several major families against you
You can actually choose not to save
Don't think so much.
I'm counting on you to recover soon
Make some zombie medicine and make money for me
Well, it officially starts tomorrow night
I didn't expect it.
We turned out to be a once-in-a-century suspense
Limbs and pure yang limbs
What's the matter, are you not ready yet?
I just don't think it's fair to you.
It's not fair.
And I would also like to
I'd love to.
What does that mean?
How do you need my cooperation?